There will be some description... soon!

## Index
#### root
index.html

#### AMRs
HTMLs for each month with new releases

#### Databases
CSV with all parsed new releases 

#### Python
> *AMR_NewReleases.py* - >main Python script to collect new releases

*requirements.txt* -
>third party packages for Python 

#### resources
CSS & ICOs


mushroomoff.github.io
mushroomoff.github.io/AMRs
mushroomoff.github.io/AMRs/AMR 2022-12.html
mushroomoff.github.io/AMRs/AMR 2023-01.html
mushroomoff.github.io/AMRs/AMR 2023-02.html
mushroomoff.github.io/AMRs/AMR 2023-03.html
mushroomoff.github.io/AMRs/AMR 2023-04.html
mushroomoff.github.io/AMRs/AMR 2023-05.html
mushroomoff.github.io/AMRs/AMR 2023-06.html
mushroomoff.github.io/AMRs/AMR 2023-07.html
mushroomoff.github.io/AMRs/AMR 2023-08.html
mushroomoff.github.io/AMRs/AMR 2023-09.html
mushroomoff.github.io/AMRs/AMR 2023-10.html
mushroomoff.github.io/AMRs/AMR 2023-11.html
mushroomoff.github.io/AMRs/AMR 2023-12.html
mushroomoff.github.io/AMRs/AMR 2024-01.html
mushroomoff.github.io/AMRs/AMR 2024-02.html
mushroomoff.github.io/AMRs/AMR 2024-03.html
mushroomoff.github.io/Covers
mushroomoff.github.io/Covers/New Covers
mushroomoff.github.io/Covers/Fresh Covers to Check
mushroomoff.github.io/Databases
mushroomoff.github.io/Databases/AMR_artisitGenres.txt
mushroomoff.github.io/Databases/AMR_artisitIDs.csv
mushroomoff.github.io/Databases/AMR_csReleases_DB.csv
mushroomoff.github.io/Databases/AMR_newReleases_DB.csv
mushroomoff.github.io/Databases/AMR_releases_DB.csv
mushroomoff.github.io/Python Notebooks
mushroomoff.github.io/Python Notebooks/AMR Check Database v.2.024.ipynb
mushroomoff.github.io/Python Notebooks/AMR Covers Downloader v.2.024.ipynb
mushroomoff.github.io/Python Notebooks/AMR LookApp v.2.024.ipynb
mushroomoff.github.io/Python Notebooks/AMR New Releases v.2.024.ipynb
mushroomoff.github.io/Python Notebooks/requirements.txt
mushroomoff.github.io/Python Scripts
mushroomoff.github.io/Python Scripts/AMR_CoversDownloader_local.py
mushroomoff.github.io/Python Scripts/AMR_List2Download_local.py
mushroomoff.github.io/Python Scripts/AMR_LookApp_github.py
mushroomoff.github.io/Python Scripts/AMR_LookApp_local.py
mushroomoff.github.io/Python Scripts/AMR_NewReleases_github.py
mushroomoff.github.io/Python Scripts/AMR_NewReleases_local.py
mushroomoff.github.io/Resources
mushroomoff.github.io/Resources/favicon-2.ico
mushroomoff.github.io/Resources/favicon.ico
mushroomoff.github.io/Resources/index.css
mushroomoff.github.io/Resources/styles.css
mushroomoff.github.io/Resources/touch-icon-ipad-retina-2.png
mushroomoff.github.io/Resources/touch-icon-ipad-retina.png
mushroomoff.github.io/Resources/touch-icon-ipad.png
mushroomoff.github.io/Resources/touch-icon-iphone-retina.png
mushroomoff.github.io/Resources/touch-icon-iphone.png
mushroomoff.github.io/index.html
mushroomoff.github.io/README.md
mushroomoff.github.io/status.log
